we were going to talk to Hill Illinois
ax of the UN watch we've been doing
terrific work holding those hypocrites
on the UN Human Rights Council to task
exposing them and fortune well maybe
it's our your luck that we've had Matt
Canavan there we'll have to hold that
over until tomorrow but do not miss it
if you think the UN is a nice warm
cuddly outfit that we all should support
of course you need to watch this
tomorrow but let's get on to our
trending now segment what's hot on the
internet now I saw a bit of buzz about
the BAFTA Awards overnight in Britain
then you know what is it about film
stars giving the rest of us moral
sermons Britain overnight held its
annual BAFTA Awards for film and
television and all the guests were told
global warming remember make an effort
please for the planet they were even
given a booklet on how to wear more
sustainable fashion for the sake of the
planet I mean why not just wear the same
gown more than once there's a little
hint but what movie star will sacrifice
their vanity for the planet and so not a
single actress took their advice they
just had to have new gowns expensive
dresses to make sure that they were
noticed both the pepper at sea I'm sorry
there was a single exception among the
actresses one of the stars of Little
Women claimed that her Gucci dress was
made from discarded satin it's not what
not even at Gucci and the planet is now
not going to warm as much so global
warming didn't cut it for the actors and
actresses at the BAFTAs the stars then
decided to talk instead about identity
politics why won't be more Awards going
to women or people of color why for
instance were all the nominees for Best
Director men I look at the exceptional
daring Talent nominated in this category
and I don't I don't think I could do
what they do honestly I just don't have
the balls I think that we send a very
clear message to people of color that
you're not welcome here yet in 2020 and
not for the first time in the last few
years we find ourselves talking again
about the need to do more to ensure
diversity in the sector and in the
awards process but you know what's
strange here is not just that one of the
nominees for Best Director was in fact
of color what a drip trays South Korean
director but I can't think of a single
director who is female or black or
whatever who did a better job than did
the five men who are up for that BAFTA
for Best I wrecked their that the men
who gave us films like 1917 which is
pretty good parasite the Joker which I
think's tremendous the Irishman what
woman director did a better job join me
this year again on so trending now is
Daisy cousins who runs her own very
successful video channels also a Sky
News contributor Daisy cousins two BAFTA
Awards this year two male to white your
response well look this way Andrew who
gets nominated for these awards depends
on really what films are available and
out there in the preceding 12 months now
in the case of Best Director they're
sort of crying that a woman the more
women weren't nominated in that category
the Hollywood is notorious for having
very few female directors comparatively
I mean as of 2019 only 12 percent of the
directors of the top 100 grossing films
were women so by sheer weight of numbers
of course you're going to have less
women or no women nominated in their
category and as you pointed out I can't
think of any director female black or
otherwise who did a better job than
those 5 films that were nominated I
think they were of
the best films now in the case of the of
the Baptists being too white the issue
was that the 20 nominations in all the
main categories so best actor and
actress and then the supporting roles
were all white now again that depends on
what films are out there to actually
nominate and if we look at the past 12
months of films and I was racking my
brains this afternoon I'm struggling to
think of a film where the leading or
supporting role that was a prominent
non-white actor you know they just sort
of weren't any it was a very Caucasian
centric movie season and certainly I
couldn't think of any that was worthy or
let more worthy of a nomination or an
award than the ones who were actually
nominated so if the roles are simply
aren't there which they didn't seem to
be will of course non-white actors
aren't going to get nominated so the
problem actually Andrew if it is a
problem is it a production level so the
producers now here's my theory Andrew
and this is quite funny in 2015 and 2016
the Oscars sparked outrage because all
of the acting nominees were white so
instead of 2017 there was this massive
massive massive push to diversify films
and diversify and to divide diversify
directors and that's when films like
crazy rich Asians came about and black
panther which which were great films um
but a year later all of that seems to
have disappeared and we're back to these
very white Caucasian esque films so to
me Andrew it's like the Hollywood
producers got together and thought well
look we should probably make an effort
right now because all the activists are
angry and maybe we should put 800
located them and now they've gone back
to their tried-and-true formula of war
movies comic book movies movies about
cars and spattering them with people
like Leonardo DiCaprio and Matt Damon
cuz they know that's what put bums on
seats so so much for what Hollywood
they'll do it for a year or two but
that's it yeah well I think you've
missed there an identity politics angle
here I blame the Italians because they
had these awards I mean at Arrington
and it Scorsese I mean really I mean
it's just shocking to many Italians
where the Greeks I asked where the Dutch
no anyway
almost every actress chose not to dress
in a way that helps the sales from
global warming you can get a big lecture
from them and global warming but do you
think they'll dress down for it not on
your Nelly why would that be tend to
have a tendency not to put their money
where their mouths are when it comes to
global warming and climate change I mean
Leonardo DiCaprio God loved him and I do
he goes on and on about climate change
but then flies everywhere in private
jets and the holidays on private yachts
etc so you know if doesn't surprise me
at all that these Act actresses have
gone down the the route of new clothes
for their big awards night but what I
also think Andrew is that while actors
are reputed for being very left-wing and
for being noisy about politics it is
actually when you think about it a
minority of them that actually do put
their political views forward most of
them kind of stay silent and don't
exploit their position and I actually
reckon there are quite a lot of
dissenters within the ranks of Hollywood
actors when you think of how much money
they are and they've all got to be
filthy capitalists let's let's be real
they don't want that I really doubt that
they would buy into the global warming
narrative either so I reckon who knows
perhaps those actresses are relating
their rebellion against the left-wing
Hollywood establishment by daring to
wear new clothes for the award show you
just never know know we have a point
there I mean I can't tell you how often
people have told me from also walks of
life you know I agree with you don't
tell anyone I don't dare say what you
say and may be exactly the same is true
this Hollywood stars because we know of
a few who wants have announced their
politics bang you're out of here
sunshine and they say like Clint
Eastwood and they make their own films
and they're too big to wear pulldown but
talking about aeroplanes belching up
filthy emissions that choking the world
and doing no good just about now a
Qantas jet commissioned by the Morrison
government it's actually landing in
Exmouth in Western Australia bring home
240 Australians who are trapped in Wuhan
China by the coronavirus and trapped by
the quarantines there they're going to
be transferred to Christmas Island for
two weeks of quarantine before they can
go home if they give the all-clear Daisy
this look I just put the point the thing
to you and you explained it we now see
activist screaming racist because the
government is using for the quarantine
spot the Christmas are a detention
center
so former race Discrimination
Commissioner Timmons apanasana now a
professor of Sydney University god save
us
says estranged citizens deserved better
from their government this from one
citizen he quotes the government
wouldn't send its citizens to Christmas
under detention center if those who were
trapped in Wuhan were wide Australians
and Osman Farooqi it was an ABC editor
and so just like last year said even if
you are a citizen that is no longer a
guarantee that you'll actually be
allowed back into the country especially
if you're not white decades in centuries
of racial exclusion policy perfected by
the last pass through governments now
being deployed against citizens now
Daisy apart from the fact that someone
in this oppressively wicked country that
doesn't like importing people of darker
color mistakenly presumably then allowed
in osman Farouk EES family are we really
racist no of course we're not and we all
know that every normal person knows that
Australia is really one of the most
tolerant and inclusive countries on the
planet we are arguably the most
successful multicultural society and the
world and that isn't in the world and
that is in large part to do with our
emphasis on legal immigration everyone
who is here wants to be here and as for
our refugee program we take a number of
refugees on humanitarian visas who've
gone through the legal way we do very
well here when it comes to being
inclusive so these giant leaps that
Osman Farooqi and Tim Suppan asan are
making that somehow the
tree is racist because we are sending
people to be quarantined on Christmas
Island which I think would actually be
quite a sensible place to put people
since it is an island off the coast you
know you stay there for a few weeks it
has facilities there and then you
brought back if you're given the
all-clear
but that's somehow a racial issue it's
just bizarre yeah you have to jump well
over to the Isle of conclusions for that
one and it's just it's so tasteless dare
I say it Andrew that the the Osmonds and
the tins of the world are turning what
is really something that's quite
distressing they've been a number of
people who've died there are a lot of
people who are terrified I'm afraid it's
distasteful they're turning this into a
racial issue and a political issue I
don't think that is necessary at all and
they should certainly think before they
speak look I think you're so right I've
got to say you know if this country is
so filthily racist and genocide and all
that why did tinsel Pomus and his family
come from Cambodia why did they choose
this country why did Osman Farook II
think that was exactly the sort of
country for them I mean you know there's
a little disconnect here and I also have
to say Daisy just to wrap up for the
give people the latest on what's
happening the virus has killed six three
hundred and sixty people almost all but
one in China Frances the plane load of
people it's just evacuated included 36
who had symptoms of this virus and I
think it actually says something good
about this country that we fly in people
including Chinese Australians with that
risk and it makes sense to have them
contained to one small land for just two
weeks
just in case anyway just there you go
Daisy cousins sorry to rant at the end
thank you so much indeed for your time
thanks so much Andrew